Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment. 

What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

# Chiashi Yang - Overall, this assignment was decent. My group and I definitely struggled for a bit. However, after attending tutoring, we were able to figure things out. Through this assignment, we learned how to use Git and the commands. That part went very well. Everything else was quite challenging for us. It took a while for our group to figure out how to modify the code, specifically how to use "Self." I would suggest future students to start this assignment early and to ask for help when needed. Do not procrastinate! It is better to start on it early, so you have time to ask for help. 

# Kiara Singh - This assignment went relatively well. I found that initially my group and I found it a litte hard to correctly plan out and implement the code, however, we were able to eventually figure out some of the main issues. For instance, at firts we were a little confused as to how to properly use Git and all the different commands, but after practicing with the different commands we were able to collaborate efficiently. I also found that it took me a while to understand the uses of object, methods, and attributes. Although, through this assignment I was able to learn about the concepts of each one and why they are useful in programming. I would reccomend that students start this early and use resources such as tutoring because it can help make the process feel less stressful.

# Nazifa Ahmed - This assignment was challenging. Making the computer, class, attributes, and methods were straighforward. However, what didn't go well was when I was trying to make the methods in the resale shop. Especially, changing the procedural codes to the object oriented versions were a bit challenging but with the help of the TA, I was able to figure it out. The advice I would give to future CSC 120 student is to go to TA hours and ask for help!!!

# Victoria Reyes - This assignment went fairly welL. I was confused on some of the functions and methods, I had to go back and realized that some methods were included in the functions. I would recommend to go to TA hours and ask any questions! Jessica helped me so much and made me understand a lot of things that, after working so long on the assignment, I faled to see/notice.